## About Project
You are given two files invoice.txt and suppliernames.txt. The first
file ( invoice.txt ) contains the words of an invoice (see invoice.pdf)
generated by the OCR engine. Each line has the text of the word
and information about the location of the word in the document. For
example, the line:

{'pos_id': 1, 'cspan_id': 1, 'rspan_id': 0, 'right': 87.06, 'word':
'INVOICE', 'line_id': 0, 'top': 4.0, 'height': 1.52, 'width': 10.51, 'left':
76.55, 'page_id': 1, 'word_id': 1}

contains the word 'INVOICE', the page it came from (page_id = 1),
the line number (line_id = 6), the position of the word in that line
(pos_id = 0).

You might not need the other information. The second file,
suppliernames.txt, contains a list of supplier names.

The requirement is to find the supplier name of that invoice by
matching the given list of supplier names to the invoice.

Although only a limited number of supplier names are given, make
your solution scalable to hundreds of thousands of supplier names.

You can use the programming language that you prefer.

It is preferred that you submit your solution through GitHub, with
instruction how to run it.

Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any inquiry.

## Solution
This project uses Laravel Command to implement the requirement.
- First, we import all suppliers to database
- Then use fulltext search to search word by word from invoice
- In addtional, I implement new mode - "Fuzzy Mode" - that helps match similar phrases together (MUST condition is pharase has at least 1 word match to supplier name)

## Steps to process
- Setup normal Laravel project (composer install, setup .env file, `php artisan migrate`)
- To import suppliers and create 100,000 dummy suppliers: `php artisan import:supplier`
- To find the supplier name of that invoice (JSON result file from engine): 
`php artisan find:supplier` - EXACT MODE
`php artisan find:supplier --fuzzy` - FUZZY MODE

